Clarify account names allowed for Create New User at Login (#4580)
MicrosoftDocs/memdocs: memdocs/intune/configuration/platform-sso-macos.md

| Platform SSO settings | Possible values  | Usage |
| --- | --- | --- |
| **Account Display Name**  | Any string value. | Customize the organization name end users see in the Platform SSO notifications. |

> | **Enable Create User At Login** | **Enable** or **Disable**. | Allow any organizational user to sign in to the device using their Microsoft Entra credentials. When creating new local accounts the provided username and password must correspond to the user's Entra ID UPN (e.g., `user@contoso.com`) and password.|

Author: ```suggestion
| **Enable Create User At Login** | **Enable** or **Disable**. | Allow any organizational user to sign in to the device using their Microsoft Entra credentials. When creating new local accounts, the provided username and password must be the same as the user's Entra ID UPN (e.g., `user@contoso.com`) and password.|
```
